feat(docs): Add ZMK Studio link. (#2549)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/features/studio.md

title: ZMK Studio
---

:::warning[Beta Feature]

> ZMK Studio support is in beta. Although every effort has been made to provide a stable experience, you may still encounter issues during use. Please report any issues to [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk-studio/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZMK Studio is in beta. Although every effort has been made to provide a stable experience, you may still encounter issues during use. Please report any issues to [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk-studio/issues)
```

:::

ZMK Studio provides runtime update functionality to ZMK powered devices, allowing users to change their keymap layers without flashing new firmware to their keyboards. Studio is still under active development, and is not yet ready for casual end user use.

## Accessing ZMK Studio

> If using Chrome/Edge, you can use ZMK Studio directly from your browser at https://zmk.studio/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Chrome/Edge, you can use ZMK Studio directly from your browser at https://zmk.studio/.
```

Reviewer 2: Technically this might be better:
```suggestion
For Chrome/Edge, you can use ZMK Studio directly from your browser at https://zmk.studio/.
```

> If using Chrome/Edge, you can use ZMK Studio directly from your browser at https://zmk.studio/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ZMK Studio with Chrome/Edge at https://zmk.studio/.
```
Maybe?

Author: Done.

> If using Chrome/Edge, you can use ZMK Studio directly from your browser at https://zmk.studio/
> 
> To use the native app for Linux, macOS, or Windows, download the appropriate file from the [latest release](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk-studio/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Chrome/Edge, you can use ZMK Studio directly from your browser at [https://zmk.studio/](https://zmk.studio/).

To use the native app for Linux, macOS, or Windows, download the appropriate file from the [latest release](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk-studio/releases).
```
Weird link in a link because I'm not sure how it'll handle the period.

Author: Added it I think as you were commenting. I didn't do the double link, it does handle the `.` properly.

> To use the native app for Linux, macOS, or Windows, download the appropriate file from the [latest release](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk-studio/releases)

Reviewer 2: Should we note the limitations of the browser vs. app here? The argument against it would be that it is pretty clear once you open the browser version.

Author: More than the comment here about Chrome/Edge?

Reviewer 2: Shoulda clarified, specifically that BLE doesn't work in Windows/macOS.
